README.md, before:

[![AWESOME CHEATSHEETS LOGO](img/repos_banner.png)](https://mkubdev.github.io/blender-cheatsheet/)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mkubdev/blender-cheatsheet/blob/master/LICENSE)

# Blender Cheatsheet

A list of Blender 3.0+ resources for Developers ⚡

# Getting started 🎨

This repository is built with the help of the [WebXDAO](https://webxdao.github.io) community.

## Shortcuts

Using Blender without shortcuts is a pain, this list contain all shortcuts to ensure you're working efficiently!

- 💻 [I use Windows](#windows-shortcuts)
- 🍎 [I use Apple](#apple-shortcuts)

## Windows Shortcuts

This list all Windows shortcuts for Blender 3.0+

## 🖥️ 3D Viewport

|                 Keys                  | Action                                        |
| :-----------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------- |
|            <kbd>TAB</kbd>             | Toggle Edit-mode                              |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>TAB</kbd> (hold) | Pie menu: Select mode (Object / Scult / Edit) |
|             <kbd>`</kbd>              | Pie menu: 3D view                             |
|     <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>`</kbd>      | Toggle Gizmos                                 |
|     <kbd>SHIFT</kbd>+<kbd>`</kbd>     | Toggle Fly mode                               |
|      <kbd>1</kbd> - <kbd>3</kbd>      | Toggle Camera X - Y - Z axis                  |

## 🍿 Universal

|               Keys               | Action                                                                                   |
| :------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|          <kbd>ESC</kbd>          | Cancel Blender functions / current action                                                |
|         <kbd>SPACE</kbd>         | Open the Blender Toolbox                                                                 |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd> | Opens menu with manipulator type choices (Press 2, 3, 4, or 5 to change the widget type) |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd>  | Opens a menu with manipulator orientation choices                                        |

## Apple Shortcuts

This list all Apple OsX shortcuts for Blender 3.0+

Commit message:

Added transform guide
Added list of shortcuts to transform an object in blender!

README.md, after:

[![AWESOME CHEATSHEETS LOGO](img/repos_banner.png)](https://mkubdev.github.io/blender-cheatsheet/)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mkubdev/blender-cheatsheet/blob/master/LICENSE)

# Blender Cheatsheet

A list of Blender 3.0+ resources for Developers ⚡

# Getting started 🎨

This repository is built with the help of the [WebXDAO](https://webxdao.github.io) community.

## Shortcuts

Using Blender without shortcuts is a pain, this list contain all shortcuts to ensure you're working efficiently!

- 💻 [I use Windows](#windows-shortcuts)
- 🍎 [I use Apple](#apple-shortcuts)

## Windows Shortcuts

This list all Windows shortcuts for Blender 3.0+

## 🖥️ 3D Viewport

|                 Keys                  | Action                                        |
| :-----------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------- |
|            <kbd>TAB</kbd>             | Toggle Edit-mode                              |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>TAB</kbd> (hold) | Pie menu: Select mode (Object / Scult / Edit) |
|             <kbd>`</kbd>              | Pie menu: 3D view                             |
|     <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>`</kbd>      | Toggle Gizmos                                 |
|     <kbd>SHIFT</kbd>+<kbd>`</kbd>     | Toggle Fly mode                               |
|      <kbd>1</kbd> - <kbd>3</kbd>      | Toggle Camera X - Y - Z axis                  |

## 🍿 Universal

|               Keys               | Action                                                                                   |
| :------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|          <kbd>ESC</kbd>          | Cancel Blender functions / current action                                                |
|         <kbd>SPACE</kbd>         | Open the Blender Toolbox                                                                 |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd> | Opens menu with manipulator type choices (Press 2, 3, 4, or 5 to change the widget type) |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd>  | Opens a menu with manipulator orientation choices                                        |

## Transform

|               Keys               | Action                                                                                   |
| :------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|          <kbd>G</kbd>          | Grab object                                             |
|         <kbd>S</kbd>         | scale object                                                               |
| <kbd>R</kbd> | Rotate object |
| <kbd>x</kbd>, <kbd>y</kbd> or <kbd>z</kbd> | to `rotate` or `scale` in the relative direction |

## Apple Shortcuts

This list all Apple OsX shortcuts for Blender 3.0+
